Finally, and the last security best practice is to always,
always ask yourself the question,
does it really need to be on chain.
Keep in mind, blockchain is not a database that is intended for fast access.
It is a slow database and it is expensive to store information on there.
As you are architecting your smart contract,
you should consider how you partition your data and make sure that you
only put on the blockchain the data that needs to belong there.
A good use of services such as IPFS,
the InterPlanetary File System or even regular databases whether it's
SQL server or any other database would be good for data that does not belong on chain.